v1.12.0-rc2 (#7480)
filecoin-project/lotus: CHANGELOG.md

# Lotus changelog

# v1.12.0-rc2 / 2021-10-08

> This is the first release candidate for lotus v1.11.3. Changelog will be updated later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the second release candidate for lotus v1.11.3. Changelog will be updated later.
```

  - ChainStore: Add a tiebreaker rule for tipsets of equal weight ([filecoin-project/lotus#7378](https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/pull/7378))
- Sync: Sanity check msg siggy type ([filecoin-project/lotus#7379](https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/pull/7379))
- Randomness: Move getters from ChainAPI to StateAPI

## Bug Fixes
- Fix Drand fetching around null tipsets ([filecoin-project/lotus#7376](https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/pull/7376))

## Dependency Updates
- Add v6 actors ([filecoin-project/lotus#7357](https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/pull/7357))
- github.com/filecoin-project/go-state-types (v0.1.1-0.20210810190654-139e0e79e69e -> v0.1.1-0.20210915140513-d354ccf10379):

## Others
- v1.12.0-rc1 prep ([filecoin-project/lotus#7426](https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/pull/7426)
- Extend FaultMaxAge to 6 weeks for actors v6 on test networks only ([filecoin-project/lotus#7421](https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/pull/7421))

Contributors

| Contributor | Commits | Lines ± | Files Changed |
|-------------|---------|---------|---------------|
| @ZenGround0 | 12 | +4202/-2752 | 187 |
| @arajasek | 25 | +4567/-854 | 190 |

> | @laudiacay | 4 | +1276/-435 | 37 |

Reviewer 2: laudiacay shows up twice

# Lotus changelog

# v1.12.0-rc2 / 2021-10-08

> This is the second release candidate for lotus v1.11.3. Changelog will be updated later.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This is the second release candidate for lotus v1.12.0. Changelog will be updated later.
```
